How is that possible?
This Li Shuchang
These fingerprints are not allowed to match.
My sister has said it since she was a child
Our right thumb print
All have the same blood
Impossible Impossible
There is absolutely no way he is Chiwa's
How can someone come back to life?
Now you believe that I am the eldest lady of the Lin family, right?
Three Senators
Your property
Miss Ben smiled
mushy
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Prime Minister
You bitch
Who let you fan the fire?
Evergreen usually looks at you gently and elegantly
You still hit women
You are the fox's tail finally exposed
I don't believe you are real
You must have something on your hands
What did you bring?
Still stubborn
Since Li Shuchang's fingerprints have been matched
From the professional point of view of your police department
My identity
Can there be fakes?
If the fingerprints match
Then he is indeed not fake
You are indeed the eldest lady of the palace
Absolutely.
Then why are you still standing here?
Ah, miss, goodbye, go, go, go
Miss
Helmet old eyes dim
Please don't know me in general.
Please atone for your sins
Be merciful, miss
Miss, rules are rules
If you make a mistake, you have to think about it.
And those who question my identity
Our souls will never tolerate it